Deployment and fixes (#154)
valohai/docs: source/howto/deployments/deployment-metadata.rst

.. meta::
    :description: Each deployment contains a metadata file that contains details about the deployment version your code is running on.

.. _howto-deployment-metadata:

Deployment version metadata
#########################################

.. admonition:: Quick introduction to deployments
    :class: tip

    * Valohai deployments are primarily used for online inference
    * All deployments are served from a Kubernetes cluster
    * Each deployment can contain multiple versions, and each version can contain multiple endpoints
    * Valohai includes a ``valohai-metadata.json`` file in each deployment version

..

> You can easily access the ``valohai-metadata.json`` file and read the details that you need for your execution. Inside your deployment code read the file and parse out the values that you're interestaed in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can easily access the ``valohai-metadata.json`` file and read the details that you need for your execution. Inside your deployment code read the file and parse out the values that you're interested in.

.. note:: 

    The ``valohai-metadata.json`` file is read-only so it is not possible to customize the metadata for deployments.

```
